---
title: "Connecting to Zapier"
---

Zapier is an integrations platform that can be used to connect the tools you use
and automate your workflows. Unthread connects to Zapier by allowing you to
trigger your workflows in response to events such as new conversations. You can
also run actions in Unthread in response to events from other tools. Workflows
created in Zapier are called Zaps.

## Adding the Zapier integration

You will need to be an Unthread admin in order to connect to Zapier. Visit your
Unthread dashboard and go to “Settings” then “Service Accounts”. You will see a
module allowing you to connect to Zapier.

## Join the Beta Program

From the Service accounts page, be sure to click “Join the beta” to get early
access to the Unthread for Zapier app. When you click, you’ll see something like
this:

![](/images/connecting-zapier-1.png)

## Create a service account

Once you have connected Zapier, you will need to create a service account within
your Unthread dashboard. Zapier will use this service account to trigger events
and actions. Go back to your Unthread dashboard’s Service Accounts tab, click
“Add service account”, give your service account a name, and click “Submit”.

After creating the new service account, you will see a window displaying the
service account’s API key. Copy this key and put it somewhere safe and secret.
Once you close the window you will not be able to view the key again. This key
will be entered into Zapier when you are ready to create your first Zap.

## Creating your first Zap

Within the Zapier dashboard, click “Create Zap” to get started.

![](/images/connecting-zapier-2.png)

You will need to add Unthread as a trigger that will kick off your Zap. Search
for Unthread in the integrations list and click it.

![](/images/connecting-zapier-3.png)

Configure the Unthread trigger by selecting “New Conversation” as the event
type. Next, click “Sign in” which will prompt you to enter the Unthread service
account API key you created earlier.

![](/images/connecting-zapier-4.png)

![](/images/connecting-zapier-5.png)

After entering the service account API key, you can trigger a test request that
will attempt to fetch a recently created conversation. You will need to have had
a conversation created in the last 24 hours for the test request to succeed.
Once this completes, you will be prompted to continue configuring your Zap with
additional steps.
